# Compilation

adb shell cmd package
adb shell pm

  compile [-m MODE | -r REASON] [-f] [-c] [--split SPLIT_NAME]
          [--reset] [--check-prof (true | false)] (-a | TARGET-PACKAGE)
    Trigger compilation of TARGET-PACKAGE or all packages if "-a".  Options are:
      -a: compile all packages
      -c: clear profile data before compiling
      -f: force compilation even if not needed
      -m: select compilation mode
          MODE is one of the dex2oat compiler filters:
            assume-verified
            extract
            verify
            quicken
            space-profile
            space
            speed-profile
            speed
            everything
      -r: select compilation reason
          REASON is one of:
            first-boot
            boot-after-ota
            post-boot
            install
            install-fast
            install-bulk
            install-bulk-secondary
            install-bulk-downgraded
            install-bulk-secondary-downgraded
            bg-dexopt
            ab-ota
            inactive
            cmdline
            shared
      --reset: restore package to its post-install state
      --check-prof (true | false): look at profiles when doing dexopt?
      --secondary-dex: compile app secondary dex files
      --split SPLIT: compile only the given split name
      --compile-layouts: compile layout resources for faster inflation

  force-dex-opt PACKAGE
    Force immediate execution of dex opt for the given PACKAGE.

  delete-dexopt PACKAGE
    Delete dex optimization results for the given PACKAGE.

  bg-dexopt-job
    Execute the background optimizations immediately.
    Note that the command only runs the background optimizer logic. It may
    overlap with the actual job but the job scheduler will not be able to
    cancel it. It will also run even if the device is not in the idle
    maintenance mode.
	
  cancel-bg-dexopt-job
    Cancels currently running background optimizations immediately.
    This cancels optimizations run from bg-dexopt-job or from JobScjeduler.
    Note that cancelling currently running bg-dexopt-job command requires
    running this command from separate adb shell.

  reconcile-secondary-dex-files TARGET-PACKAGE
    Reconciles the package secondary dex files with the generated oat files.
